# CSI 480 Assignment 4.5

In this problem set, you will use the k-nearest neighbors algorithm to classify fish and predict their weight. The data set is available in the file `Fish.csv`. The data set contains 159 rows and 7 columns. The first column is the species of fish, the second column is the weight of the fish, and the remaining columns are the measurements of the fish.

The code you receive plots the data set using matplotlib. It shows the fish, colored by species, in a scatter plot by height and width.

The functions you will need to write should be pretty self-explanatory from the names and comments. Unit tests are provided.

## Rules

1. You cannot use any third-party libraries or code.
2. Your solution must use the provided `Fish` class.
3. You cannot change the unit tests.
4. Cite all of your sources (even if you just look at them) in comments. Cite any people/classmates you discuss the problem with. Cite GitHub Copilot or any AI assistants if they produce snippets of code that are non-trivial. Write something like, “Generated by GitHub Copilot.” 

Violating any of these rules will result in zero credit for the assignment.

## Setup

1. Create your own **private** repository from this repo by hitting the "Use this template" button at the top of the page
2. Add me (@davecom) as a collaborator on your **private** repository.
3. Run the tests by running `python3 -m unittest` or by pushing to GitHub where the tests will automatically run (look for that big beautiful green checkmark).

## Grading

You will receive up to 3 points on this assignment. There are three tests, each test that passes will earn you 1 point. An assignment with no passing tests will receive 0 points.

## Note on Repository Access

This repository should stay private. If you make it public, you are possibly providing your solution to other students taking the class. Generally, the problem sets in this class are not great portfolio projects because they are too small, or contain a significant portion of code that is not your own and therefore do not demonstrate your skill. Please keep your repository private so other students can't use your solution.
